hi friends today I want to show you my
style of making naan yes naan which I
learnt it from my husband but my style
of making so dear friends let's start
how to make this nan my style so to make
this nan first we need 1 cup of
all-purpose flour and in this add pinch
of salt and sugar you know now nan takes
little bit sweeter and little bit salt
so add little bit salt and sweet add
half a teaspoon of yeast directly we are
not using any warm water or anything
just mix everything together and in this
add some oil also for nons I always use
buttermilk 4 pieces you can make it with
egg milk anything but Fernan I use
buttermilk
so here buttermilk and mix it to a soft
dough so dear friends here the dough I
mixed it see see not too soft not too
hard this is perfect for our Nancy just
mix it nicely
this is sticking to your hand you can
just apply little bit of oil on to this
also
and lastly mix once more so here this is
ready so just wrap it with a cover and
let it rest for 30 minutes and this will
become double in size difference after
half an hour of resting our dough see
here it is nicely up because we
added East it has puffed up nicely
remove the cover
whatever you call now add some just add
some flour onto the table wherever you
are making your nonce so just take a
small dumpling if you want you can use
the rolling pin and make this so friends
just roll it into an oval shape or you
can make it into a round and you can
just pull also whichever way you are
comfortable you can make it I am making
oval shape like this just make it
a bit thin not too thin and now you and
stretch just hold this side and stretch
upper side non shape and stretch the
other side also like this so here our
Nando is already see here both - I made
it be careful always apply little bit of
dry flour down so that when you remove
you can get it easily you can just add
this is Kalonji that is onion seeds and
just press it if you want you can add if
you don't want you can just keep this we
are not making in any thunder or
anything
I told know my style so I make it I have
a nice iron kadai that is a pan so here
I have a nice cover of Idol so what I
did instead of using the front side I am
just using the back side so this should
be nice hot very very hot enough how our
thunder will be nice hot enough so this
also should be nice hot see so when you
put your nan on top of it it should get
cooked very fast the similar way of
making the room Ali roti so here are
narns are ready don't apply any butter
because it's it becomes dark so you can
just put it directly on the tawa this is
going to take just a minute to cook your
nan see you can see nice bubbles coming
up here so just rotate it to the other
side apply nice butter if you want you
can just crush some garlic and apply on
top of it also then your garlic naan
will be ready so here our Narns are
ready so just switch off the flame and
enjoy this hot Nan's with palak paneer
or butter chicken or paneer butter
masala whichever is ready at your house
just try to make this nice wonderful
Lance at your home very simple no you
can just make it with your regular tava
which you have it at your house and you
can get your Hotel style naan mmm
Wow
these are so soft and nice if you want
little bit crispy then you can make your
nonce little bit thin then you get your
nonce crispy sometimes my son loves
Chris penis so I hope you also will do
the same thing in your house and enjoy
this wonderful nonce so see you in
another session with some more recipes
thank you
you